Color Palette Builder
Tester Instruction Sheet



//Answers for isntructino set building

1. Go with beta since it is primarily functional but some features visible in settings are not implemented.
   Elaborate on teh intro text further to explain what all of what is discussed means. assume non technical people.
   Also, I would like an explanation that with beta versions, the primary goal is to ensure the application is solving 
   a task users will want or need. so avoid getting caught up in finding features that aren't fully functional and 
   concentrate on the overall concept of the application and how it may be useful.

   Additionally, I want a section explaining the overall use of the tool (application) for those who otherwise would
   not need an application such as this. Which is primarily geared towards programming, such as web design, game development, etc. at 
   its current state. The goal is to allow one central location to track the color codes (hex values, RGB values, etc) in a searchable list.
   Then make it easy to extract those values to be inserted into your project whether it be the hex value, or a pre structured
   code snippet of your choice.

   Testing purpose:
    I'm primarily looking for usability of the application and its level of intuitiveness. Then I want functional bugs and usability issues.
    I do want them to try and use it in unusual ways and edge cases, etc.
    I am open to feature suggestions but not my goal, but existing feature improvement ideas are most welcome.

2. Detailed Feedback Examples
        this example is well done and It will work for the time being.

3. Starter Testing Tasks

Here is the core functionalities (and tasks I want tried and reviewed)

Finding the application on windows store.
a few search term options such as 'Color Palette' and some others to see if it can be located. ( i will also provide a direct link)
Installation experience.
Store front explanation of the product and imagery.

Add a new color to the color palette from the color picker.
Name the color.
Save the color palette to disk.
Add at least 10 unique colors to the palette.
Name each of the colors in the list.
Create filtering categories. Named Element States and Element Groups.
Assign colors to various states and groups that you created.
Sort the list according to different columns.
Apply a filter to only show certain groups, or elements, or both.
Clear the filter to show all colors.

Modify an existing color element color.
Reassign the modified color to the element.
Copy hex value using provided shortcuts.
Copy hex value without alpha value
copy rgb value with alpha.
copy code snippet.

save color palette.

create new color palette.

Extract colors from an existing picture.
Drag and drop a picture from your computer on to color selector 
clear the image from the color selector.
Use the browse location to load an image for the color selector.

Launch color selector tool.

Select colors from pixels on the image, save those colors in the new palette.

Settings
Theme - only dark theme is implemented
Color Entries Options:
    Wrap Text
       Specifically for the entry note field, this will control whether a long note is one line or wrapped onto multi-lines. Test out both on and off
       with long notes (use example notes from the appendix of this document if you don't want to come up with your own)

Auto-Save
    Try out different intervals. When autosaving the application shows an icon in the title bar. Make some changes, wait for the auto save, then close
    the program without first clicking manual save. reopen program and open your colorpalette and see if changes were auto saved.

Back-up save. - this works the same as auto-save but for a built in backup file, as of now, outside of manually finding the file and copying it and renaming to what you want, there is no built in method to recover a file from the back-up save. 

Copy Short Cut Settings
Check box - copy hashtag with Hex Code. Test copying hex codes from the provided shortcuts with this checked and unchecked and observe the differences.

Default Palette Location
This is non-functional. The intent would be to designate where your file picker opens when saving a palette for the first time. or opening a colorpalette.

Pre-defined Code Snippets

Test each pre - defined code snippet selection. ensure that the code snippet updates in the main window when selecting a color.

Make your own custom code snippet. Using the provided instructions. provide any feedback on the quality of the instructions, if you were able to
make your own custom snippet.

Backup and Restore
Restore button is non functional. any suggestions on how that would work (the user experience of retrieving the backupfile) are appreciated.

Backup file location:
This displays the location on your computer where the BackupFiles directory is saved, inside that directory is the backup.cpb file.
Locate this file using the provided directory. Can you find the backupfile? if so, Open the file in color palette builder.
Did it load properly?
Use Save As to 'restore' the backup to the file name and location you want.





